Remove duplication in docs (#51)
canonical/openthread-border-router-snap: README.md

For issues related to this snap, refer [here](https://github.com/canonical/openthread-border-router-snap/issues).

Usage instructions are available **[here](https://canonical-matter.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/how-to/otbr-on-ubuntu/)**.

## Development

### Build the snap

Build locally for the same architecture as the host:

```bash
snapcraft -v
```

Build remotely for all supported architectures:

```bash
snapcraft remote-build
```

### Install the snap

Given the snap package file with `.snap` extension, install:

```bash
sudo snap install --dangerous *.snap
```

### Connect interfaces

> When installing this snap from the store, some interfaces are automatically connected.
> If you install the snap from a local file, like the one you built yourself, you need to connect these interfaces manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing this snap from the store, some interfaces are automatically connected.
If you install the locally built snap, you need to connect these interfaces manually:
```

sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:bluez
```

On Ubuntu Core the `avahi-control` and `bluez` interfaces are not provided by the system.
These interfaces should be consumed from other snaps, such as the [Avahi](https://snapcraft.io/avahi) and [BlueZ](https://snapcraft.io/bluez) snaps.
To install these snaps, and establish connections for the `avahi-control` interface from the `avahi` snap, and the `service` interface from the `bluez` snap, run:

```bash
sudo snap install avahi bluez
sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:avahi-control avahi:avahi-control
sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:bluez bluez:service
```

> ## Advanced Usage

Reviewer: I suggest removing this whole section and migrating the following to [this section](https://canonical-matter.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/how-to/otbr-on-ubuntu/#start-otbr) of the documentation:
```
By default, the services are disabled and not started.
```
```
To start and enable via a [Gadget snap](https://snapcraft.io/docs/the-gadget-snap), set `autostart` to `true`.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/matter-docs/pull/40
